well I I'm also very lucky man because I
got very lucky I met Abhishek he had
just done rock on and I remember meeting
him and you know you have a perception
rock on is this uber cool urban movie
and this is a very early kind of story
but I thought maybe you know got to is
the kind of guy who will have long hair
and be a rock star himself he is but he
is also very rooted and he he knows
India very well and he the way he spoke
I I could sense that he'd be able to
capture it it's a very very difficult
movie to make but I believe amongst all
the books have written and it's my
wife's favorite book of mine and I think
it is my favorite book as a book as a
story it is the best of the stories
others are more have different flavors
and all but this one but it's also very
hard to adapt book but he was ready to
spend the time for it and he spent three
four years researching we became very
close friends too close perhaps but that
took a while for people to get and I
know what I mean is you know I remember
going through a bit of a crisis work by
then it was him who was working on my
film and ice I went to him for support
we have made this film because we
believe in friendships we believe in the
power of friendships and it's the promo
just says it I mean we don't have to say
anything you know what the promo talks
to you you know certain films have soul
you know when the you decide yes I'm
gonna watch this film and that has just
happened and like I said I'm extremely
lucky to have a team like UTV who's just
backing the film so amazingly well
actors which are actually just amazing
in the performances it's very rare a
writer says that the movie is better
than the book
but I can say it because I am
contributing in the screenplay also so
it's okay but clearly clearly and you
know every time you make a film and if
you are collaborating with the team you
have a chance to improve the book so
clearly the film is better than the book
here thank you so much